Welcome to the third course
of this specialization.
This course is called Natural
Language Processing
with Sequence Models.
In this course, here are some
things you get to build.
First, you take
sentiment analysis
to the next level with
deep neuron networks.
You also build a
language generator
using RNNs or recurrent
neuron networks.
You apply LSTM units.
LSTM stands for Long
Short-Term Memory.
You apply LSTM units to
the problem of named
entity recognition.
Finally, you use
Siamese networks to identify
duplicate questions.
Like say if there's an
online discussion forum
and different people
are asking questions,
can you figure out if
two different people
ask essentially
the same question,
but with different wording?
With the skills you
develop in this course,
you'll be able to build
powerful NLP systems to
solve problems across a
wide range of industries.
It is my pleasure
to welcome Lucasz
and Younes as your
instructors for this course,
and they are thrilled to dive
into these topics with you.
Younes, perhaps you could
say a bit more about
the applications that learners
will build in this course?
Sure thing, thanks Andrew.
Well, I'd like to
start by saying
that in the first two courses
of this specialization,
you built a powerful foundation
that will provide you with
both the context and
the fundamental skills you
need to tackle this course.
For example, you've already
done sentiment
analysis in Course 1,
with a simple naive
bayes classifier.
But now you, will
leverage the power of
deep neural networks to build
a much more robust sentiment
analysis classifier.
You've also seen how to do
things like predict
the next word in
a sequence using
relatively simple n-gram
language models in Course 2.
In this course, you'll create
an advanced model using
recurrent neural networks
to generate texts.
You can think of this course
as taking the step from
foundational skills
into building
real world NLP applications.
Very cool, Younes.
I think that's a great
way to think about it.
Lucasz, maybe you
could say a bit
more about the applications
learners will get to build?
Sure. Thank you, Andrew.
Well, as you saw in
the first course,
the problem of sentiment
analysis is a really tricky one.
But in many applications,
you want to determine the
sentiment of a sentence,
so it's a really good
problem to work on as well.
With language modeling,
the problems you can solve
are almost infinite.
From translation
to autocomplete,
to generating text from scratch.
In Week 2 of this course,
you'll work on named
Entity Recognition,
which is the problem of
separating named entity
in sentences like
people and places.
This is a building block of
many important NLP systems.
Finally, in Week
3 of this course,
we will tackle the problem
of identifying duplicates.
The question of whether
two pieces of texts or
duplicates of each other might
not sound very
interesting at first,
but as you'll see, it's actually
core building block
of things like
online forms and search engines,
and we'll show you
how to solve it.
We're really excited to show you
these applications and bring
your skills to the next level.
Thank you, Lucasz and
thank you, Younes.
This is going to be
an exciting course.
Let's get started.
Good luck.
Have fun.